Minor dashboard edits, with qs in GitHub (#70)
infrawatch/documentation: doc-Service-Telemetry-Framework/modules/proc_setting-up-the-dashboard-to-host-grafana.adoc

[id="setting-up-the-dashboard-to-host-grafana_{context}"]
= Setting up the dashboard to host Grafana

> Grafana is not included in the default {Project}({ProjectShort}) deployment so you must deploy the Grafana Operator from Operator Hub:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Grafana is not included in the default {Project} ({ProjectShort}) deployment so you must deploy the Grafana Operator from OperatorHub.io. For more information about enabling the OperatorHub.io catalog source, see <<enabling-the-operatorhubio-community-catalog-source>>:
```

cd dashboards
----

> . Move to the `service-telemetry` namespace and deploy the Grafana operator. This can be done via the OpenShift console or on the CLI with:

Author: I'm inclined to drop this sentence here. Does it really not matter if you're on OpenShift or not?

Reviewer: Agreed. Let's remove mention of the OpenShift web console and continue to assume installation is being done via the command line interface.

Reviewer 2: I like that idea

> . Move to the `service-telemetry` namespace and deploy the Grafana operator:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Change to the `service-telemetry` namespace and deploy the Grafana operator:
```

    -f deploy/rhos-dashboard.yaml
----

> . Navigate to https://<grafana-route-address> in a web browser. Use the following command to retrieve the Grafana route address:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Navigate to https://<grafana-route-address> in a web browser. Use `oc get routes` to retrieve the Grafana route address:
```

+
----
oc get routes
----

. To view the dashboard, click *Dashboards* and *Manage*.

> == Viewing and editing queries

Author: This kinda looks like a separate procedure!
Agree?

Reviewer: Agreed.

Reviewer 2: Yeah

. To view and edit queries, log in as user `admin`.

> . To retrieve the default username and password, analyze the Grafana object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. To retrieve the default username and password, describe the Grafana object using `oc describe`:
```
